The system should work as follows (first concept)

See a vote as a coin.

The system consists of votes and delegates and topics.

When creating a ballot regarding a topic a voter can take up the role of a delegate. The delegate can represent a position. The position can be "for" or "against" or can even be an "action plan" with an end result)

Voters can forward his/her vote to a delegate.

A delegate can forward his/her votes to another delegate.

The voter can withdraw his vote or forward the vote to another delegate at any time.

Because it is an audit-able system we should be able to report a ballot status on any time

Can Prevent Fraud
Voting from Any Location
Fast Results

								"Blockchain Based Dynamic Voting"

Blockchain is the synonym of transparency, the most sought after thing in any kind of election. With this technology we can change the way electoral process happens around the globe. Blockchain can be a gamechanger for any level of election, ensuring secure voting with reliable and fast outcomes.

It Can Prevent Fraud
During physical electioin there is always chance of bias. In past we have seen booth capturing being a major issue in many countries. In blockchain ownership is verified with public and private keys, which remains one of the most secure options available till day. This same innovation can be used for verifying identity of voters on a platform. Hence putting a full stop on fake votes and making the process of choosing our delegates more trustable.

It can enable Voting from Any Location
Geographical and circumstantial factors can unable a voter from practing his one of the most important rights. Currently many solutions are availble, but all of them are bound by very strict protocols. Votes can be sent traditionally via mail, fax, courier etc. but imagine how convenient it would be if you could vote with your smartphone or PC in the most secure way ever existed. Blockchain based voting can make it a reality.

It can produce Fast and Reliable Results
Counting of votes is the most crucial part of the electoral prcoess. Reliable outcomes are inversly proprotional to error or interference during the counting. Current structure for counting of votes consumes a lot of time too. Imagine how softly this challenge can be overcomed with the ever dynamic and decentralized nature blockchain.

In this system, people can use coins for voting. A vote woule be like a secured and encrypted transaction

























































